a rapid buildup of atoms of relatively low atomic weights to those of much higher atomic weights
As the size of the sample varies, the reaction varies on an inverse lineal level wherein doubling the size of the sample would cut the total reaction in half.
The minimum wattage required is 200 watt-seconds per gram of ore:
The Magnetic Undulator establishes non-propagating, resonant standing waves with the x-ray diffraction wavelength of gold (2.042 Angstroms) in the environmental solution. The chemicals (in copper pans) were bombarded from above. Each bombardment increased the amount of gold 9-fold, but the yield later diminished to only three times the original amount. Consistently high, stable yields were obtained by first irradiating the trays from below and then applying x-rays from overhead. The yields increased 9-fold and remained at that level without deteriorating. The process as developed produces little increase in platinum values, probably due to: a) the energy level of the irradiation source; b) the chemical composition of the environmental solution; c) target type. The silver produced in this process assayed as high as 426 oz/ton. According to the report, the following conditions also apply:
In the 1980s, David Hudson discovered the existence of ORMEs (Orbitally Rearranged Monoatomic Elements) which are virtually undetectable by conventional means (except for a distinguishing IR doublet located between about 1400 and 1600 cm-1) because they lack a d-orbital electron.
The G-ORME will not react with cyanide, will not be dissolved by aqua regia, and will not wet or amalgamate with mercury... The G-ORMEs remain as a powder at 1200oC...
G-ORMEs can be reconverted to metallic gold from which they were formed. This reconversion is accomplished by an oxidative rearangement which removes all paired valence electrons together with their vacancy pair electrons, with a subsequent refilling of the d and s orbitals with unpaired electrons until the proper configuration is reached for the T-metal.

http://www.houstonpress.com/news/aggie-alchemy-6573101
http://www.hermetics.org/library/Library_Alchemy.html
http://forum.alchemyforums.com/showthread.php?84-Alchemy-PDF-s-amp-E-books

http://www.alchemywebsite.com/amclglr1_old.html